So we're revolutionizing the world by allowing people to acquire physical assets using stablecoins. What is the problem? Right now there is no seamless way for people to spend their stablecoins to acquire physical assets. Let's take for example Diego who is a freelancer in Mexico and he has paid using stablecoins. But for him to acquire something, he has to go through extremely long processes in which he can lose up to 8% of his money. Same with Gaston who protects himself from unstable currencies in argent. Well, what's the solution? We are the world's first multi vendor solution that makes spending money as easy as the end. We do that by allowing businesses giving businesses the best payment gateway for stablecoins and integrating all of that vendors in one single website for an integrated experience for users. One advantage we have among other competitors, traditional competitors. We operate in blockchain so we are able to have expenses and we can provide minimal fees for our users for the competition landscape. It's basically to show that there is no one trying the same as we're doing. But there are some more than $1 billion valued company. One example of a company that was doing something similar insane numbers but they failed in 2020. What would happen? We have had the fortune to talking to the founders and getting some feedback all the things they would have done different money solving it. Why now? Well, it's obvious that the world is shifting. World's biggest bank in Europe is just bought more than 16,000 big bitcoins. We have a 50% annual growth rate in the market and more than three different use cases of people that want to use our service which includes something nobody's talking about. But more than $250 million in wages have already been paid which more than 60,000 people for that what we have done, we have interviewed more than 100 eager customers that already want to use our product. Just Gaston Annido. The global market is insane. As per World bank and other government sources. We have a 21 billion for serviceable obtainable market. One of the things I love about Babylon is that we have a really long term plan of also providing B2B services as giving the option to international businesses to make transactions way faster and easier. No more. I know this is an extremely hard idea to accomplish. So that's why I'm bringing the best of the best to this to the team.