Founder and CEO of Prism PRISM essentially is a data infrastructure, analytical and automation layer for growth teams such as SMBs and enterprise level organizations. Excuse us so marketing, sales and user data is extremely fragmented and siloed across multiple point solutions and tools and this has been the case for past 15 to 20 years. This is what your average data stack looks like at an SMB and it's not even at an enterprise level organization. So you can just imagine how much more intense and how much more scattered dense it is. The Solution PRISM unifies data at scale from your existing solutions and tools to provide advanced infrastructure, analytics and automations. We essentially gather your fragmented data, process it through our own infrastructure at Prism, and provide advanced analytics and automations too. Through Prism, organizations can save up to 80% on time reporting and make decisions at three times faster speed and also reduce cost by 40%. This is observed through our pilot test that we launched our marketing agency about three months ago. PRISM also enables teams to instantly reveal variables, essentially figure out what metric is moving which metric. As you can see here you are able to tell which metrics influence conversion and how they go about. PRISM offers a comprehensive control center for all your marketing and all your growth needs. This is not being done by anybody else in space right now and the reason for that is simply because everyone's too focused on building point solutions and tools. Attraction so far we have Oracle and Slack committed as a pilot team. We've completed 130 interviews with growth teams at SMB and enterprise level organizations. We had early stage talks with Salesforce, Microport, Microsoft and MediaMonks again as pilot teams and as paying early adopters. And we're also in talks with the soft systems and IBM to see variable applications of our core tech which essentially is root cause analysis. That's a 530 billion dollar market for which Prism can acquire about 2 1/2 million in ARR by 2026. This market is potentially grow is growing at a rate of 18% year on year and by 2028 Prism can essentially capture $420 million of the growing $530 billion market. Why now? So Enterprise level organ, enterprise level organizations data has reached critical mass. This is observed through an Oracle data report in 2024. Adoption of points of and tools has caused a fragmented data environment. 80% of B2B outlines struggle with data setups for which Prism is solving and 70% of B2B marketers say that fragmented technology and disparate technology is one of the key reasons why they can't make data driven strategies and this is all observed to be done in Batshit's report and also through a Gartner report. So we have a very simple 3 pricing tier. We have scale, growth and enterprise. PRISM essentially solves a problem that costs an enterprise about 12 to 15 million dollars annually and an SME about 700 to 700k million dollars annually. This is Madib. We have a mixed gene brand of growth, tech and product. We're back by Raya. Interesting.